hello I am critical camille and crime
light a program dedicated to the art of
photography is today I'm going to speak is one of
a concept an idea that died already
right time and it is related to the
breach of composition rules
if we think about it, it happens frequently
and why is the discography so
strong and often do not have elements
of composition or a jotão organization
visible so understandable
this is because photography as
art is often strong because
captures the very important moment
can be a very important moment to
You are important to the family that
is photographing important moment
for a specific person photography
have this property of connecting with
the story of someone who might not
be your story
we often have photographs that are
very strong in composition but not in the
visual organization element 18
exactly it is by the human element there
by the strong connection it generates
story behind the photo and it happens that
go to the rules of composition that one has
that having a time only you can
check a channel that is very dense almost
an hour in which various tips of is and does
an in- depth analysis of techniques for
apply design to photography
all this is very useful when you are
your impression when you need to be
creative in photography in a way
that what is photographing does not give you
a lot of expression give us lots of
visual connection for example is one we
Classic is not working with fifa
wedding he has to shoot
dumplings is the sweet leave you have to
work composition of the future make a
rehearsal with the couple whether marriage is
And the couple is getting a lot out of
expression is not taking too many scenes
different you have to work with
position but often occurs in
in front of the camera happens things
fantastic people they give a few
scenes are expressions
but I can not say something singular about
another unique moment and a beautiful idea
and cartier bresson cited much in his
your photographs is that idea.
of a turning point when you
photograph something at the right time
You got something for something.
expressive
something that was not is not seen in a way
very ordinary in the ordinary you finish
capturing there and you can find
elements of composition as contrast
Positive Negative Plane Ratio
you can find the
rule of the text all
photography but more importantly
to be actually the fact that you
recorded the moment you captured the
human history in that photograph is
some students ask me, ah, okay?
I'll have to keep thinking about composition.
when shooting an event without
to be thinking text rule have to
think of plans you have not
all depends on what we are giving to
you in front of your camera
people all expressions they
They are giving moments I would say
composition rationally it is a
tool that photographers can use
when there is in fact the demand for
be creative when you are not giving anything
of interesting in front of the camera
if you are seeing things happen
exciting is seeing things happen
is that it never occurred before nature
is taking something unheard of
So you think so much about composition
such rational chance
You can leave me some way.
your spirit more connected with the scene
and that's when the idea is already there.
videos and how important are you behind
the camera a many relaxed camera
times behind the camera brings the viewfinder
is much more important because it increases
the chances of you capturing that
moment in time to raise cameras
already lost that idea that
you may have missed this
decisive moment of the
only occurred many among the
clicks I have already 78 episodes is
photographing
if you saw the scene you did not photograph
s10 and saw there in your saying you do not
lost the photo 3 that is taking photos
I also think that in the
photography
does not exist after saying a certain rule of
conduct but you feel free insurance
feels delivered the scene is going to help you
others to capture special moments
important moments
visually beautiful you can compose scene
It can perfectly
visually the scene but often the
that will give the human to a story
the strong connection is someone there.
someone trying something unique
can be nature can also be a
animal can be can be yourself in the
front of the photo
so think about it is the composition she is
often broken because of this
history of human connection has to do with
the story in front of the photo
Many thanks to everyone for channel
in the next big video mistakes
hug to everyone